Add details of NIC requirements (#543)
harvester/docs: docs/networking/clusternetwork.md

You are allowed to add the custom cluster network, which will not be available until it's enabled on some hosts by adding a network configuration.

:::note

> Before creating a new cluster network, check the [hardware requirements](../install/requirements.md#hardware-requirements) are met.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before creating a new cluster network, ensure that the [hardware requirements](../install/requirements.md#hardware-requirements) are met.
```

Starting with Harvester v1.1.2, Harvester supports updating network configs. Make sure to stop all affected VMs before updating network configs.

> Recommend to create one `Network Config` for each node or each group of nodes. It will be more convenient when you maintain the cluster like replacing old NICs to new NICs in different slots, you need to stop/migrate the affected VMs and then update the `Network Config`.

Reviewer: The requested change was not applied.
